#summary Versioned template for the project home page.

= Maven SVN Wagon =

This project is an implementation of Wagon provider for Subversion repository access. It allows to host the Maven artifact repository inside Subversion repository.

The [http://svnkit.com SVNKit] library is used for all Subversion-related operations.

== Usage ==

The wagon should be added to your POM as extension. The additional repository is required to download the wagon artifacts from the project repository hosted on the Google Code.

{{{
<project>
    ...
    <repositories>
        <repository>
            <id>maven-svn-wagon.googlecode.com/svn/m2/release</id>
            <url>http://maven-svn-wagon.googlecode.com/svn/m2/release</url>
        </repository>
    </repositories>
    ...
    <build>
        <extensions>
            <extension>
                <groupId>com.google.code.maven-svn-wagon</groupId>
                <artifactId>maven-svn-wagon</artifactId>
                <version>1.0</version>
            </extension>
        </extensions>
    </build>
    ...
</project>
}}}

It will allow to use the following kinds of URLs in the `distributionManagement` POM section:

  * `svn:http://host/path/to/repository`
  * `svn:https://host/path/to/repository`
  * `svn:svn://host/path/to/repository`
  * `svn:file://path/to/repository`

The `"svn:"` prefix activates the wagon and the remaining part of the URL contains the proper Subversion repository URL.

== Features ==

The wagon uses the default Subversion runtime configuration area for authentication and for evaluation of file properties that will be automatically set on newly added files.

Files ending with `".asc.md5"` and `".asc.sha1"` will be silently discarded on upload.
Such files appear when the [http://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-gpg-plugin maven-gpg-plugin] is used to sign the project artifacts and then the [http://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-deploy-plugin maven-deploy-plugin] (either directly or through the [http://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-release-plugin maven-release-plugin]) is used to deploy them to the repository.

== Similar wagons ==

The following wagons can also be used to work with the Subversion-based Maven repositories:

  * [http://maven.apache.org/wagon/wagon-providers/wagon-scm/index.html org.apache.maven.wagon:wagon-scm]
  * [https://wagon-svn.dev.java.net org.jvnet.wagon-svn:wagon-svn]